content/home/projects.md, before:

+++
# A Demo section created with the Blank widget.
# Any elements can be added in the body: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/writing-markdown-latex/
# Add more sections by duplicating this file and customizing to your requirements.

widget = "blank"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 60  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Thesis Projects"
subtitle = ""

[design]
  # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: 1 or 2.
  columns = "1"

[design.background]
  # Apply a background color, gradient, or image.
  #   Uncomment (by removing `#`) an option to apply it.
  #   Choose a light or dark text color by setting `text_color_light`.
  #   Any HTML color name or Hex value is valid.

  # Background color.
  # color = "#DBEDE3"
  
  # Background gradient.
  # gradient_start = "DeepSkyBlue"
  # gradient_end = "SkyBlue"
  

  # Text color (true=light or false=dark).
  text_color_light = false

[design.spacing]
  # Customize the section spacing. Order is top, right, bottom, left.
  # padding = ["20px", "0", "20px", "0"]

[advanced]
 # Custom CSS. 
 css_style = ""
 
 # CSS class.
 css_class = ""

[blackfriday]
  extensions = ["hardLineBreak"]

+++
If you are a BSc or MSc student at ETH Zurich interested in writing your thesis with us, we would be delighted to hear from you! Unfortunately, we do not have the capacity to consider students from outside ETH for thesis projects. To obtain a better understanding of what currently interests us, we invite you to check our most recent publications. However, feel free to express interest in any topic you think our group might be well suited to advise you on.
&nbsp;
Please send an email to [ryan.cotterell@inf.ethz.ch](mailto:ryan.cotterell@inf.ethz.ch) with CC to [afra.amini@inf.ethz.ch](mailto:afra.amini@inf.ethz.ch), [anej.svete@inf.ethz.ch](mailto:anej.svete@inf.ethz.ch), and [eleftheria.tsipidi@inf.ethz.ch](eleftheria.tsipidi@inf.ethz.ch). State either [bachelor’s thesis] or [master’s thesis] at the start of the subject. For us to get to know you a little, please write a paragraph introducing your interests and attach your CV as well as your transcript of grades. It helps us a lot to with finding a matching project if you are able to state more concrete topics that you are interested in. We are looking forward to receiving your inquiry!


<!---
### Project Announcements
[Numbers in NLP](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yYYs4VcP-RS8-7DBhtELWOqlEvY6OsNb/view?usp=sharing) Niklas
[NLP MSc theses with NZZ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TsiB-VSOPzW1Po1vVacfUDJp3VQEwm0NF_MVh8J_uco/edit?usp=sharing) Cristina, one Rycolab member --->

Commit message:

Assign replication process for BSc theses

content/home/projects.md, after:

+++
# A Demo section created with the Blank widget.
# Any elements can be added in the body: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/writing-markdown-latex/
# Add more sections by duplicating this file and customizing to your requirements.

widget = "blank"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 60  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Thesis Projects"
subtitle = ""

[design]
  # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: 1 or 2.
  columns = "1"

[design.background]
  # Apply a background color, gradient, or image.
  #   Uncomment (by removing `#`) an option to apply it.
  #   Choose a light or dark text color by setting `text_color_light`.
  #   Any HTML color name or Hex value is valid.

  # Background color.
  # color = "#DBEDE3"
  
  # Background gradient.
  # gradient_start = "DeepSkyBlue"
  # gradient_end = "SkyBlue"
  

  # Text color (true=light or false=dark).
  text_color_light = false

[design.spacing]
  # Customize the section spacing. Order is top, right, bottom, left.
  # padding = ["20px", "0", "20px", "0"]

[advanced]
 # Custom CSS. 
 css_style = ""
 
 # CSS class.
 css_class = ""

[blackfriday]
  extensions = ["hardLineBreak"]

+++
If you are a BSc or MSc student at ETH Zurich interested in writing your thesis with us, we would be delighted to hear from you! Unfortunately, we do not have the capacity to consider students from outside ETH for thesis projects. To obtain a better understanding of what currently interests us, we invite you to check our most recent publications. However, feel free to express interest in any topic you think our group might be well suited to advise you on.
&nbsp;
Specifcally for Bachelor theses or semester projects, we typically assign you one of our published papers to replicate, so it would be ideal if you indicate 3-4 of our publications that you are interested in.
&nbsp;
Please send an email to [ryan.cotterell@inf.ethz.ch](mailto:ryan.cotterell@inf.ethz.ch) with CC to [afra.amini@inf.ethz.ch](mailto:afra.amini@inf.ethz.ch), [anej.svete@inf.ethz.ch](mailto:anej.svete@inf.ethz.ch), and [eleftheria.tsipidi@inf.ethz.ch](eleftheria.tsipidi@inf.ethz.ch). State either [bachelor’s thesis] or [master’s thesis] at the start of the subject. For us to get to know you a little, please write a paragraph introducing your interests and attach your CV as well as your transcript of grades. It helps us a lot to with finding a matching project if you are able to state more concrete topics that you would like to work on. We are looking forward to receiving your inquiry!


<!---
### Project Announcements
[Numbers in NLP](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yYYs4VcP-RS8-7DBhtELWOqlEvY6OsNb/view?usp=sharing) Niklas
[NLP MSc theses with NZZ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TsiB-VSOPzW1Po1vVacfUDJp3VQEwm0NF_MVh8J_uco/edit?usp=sharing) Cristina, one Rycolab member --->
