content/authors/eleftheria/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Eleftheria Tsipidi
secondary: Ελευθερία Τσιπίδη

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- eleftheria

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: false

# Role/position
role: PhD Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: ETH Zürich
  url: "https://inf.ethz.ch"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: PhD Student at ETH Zurich

interests:
- parsing
- computational narratology
- cultural economics
- emotion classification
- natural language understanding
- machine translation

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: "mailto:eleftheria.tsipidi@inf.ethz.ch"  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: google
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=QIthqREAAAAJ&hl=en



# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""
  
# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Members
- Teaching Assistants NLP F23
- Teaching Assistants AFLT
- Current
---

Eleftheria is a third-year PhD student in Computer Science at ETH Zurich. She is advised by Ryan and [Elliott Ash](https://elliottash.com/). Previously, she was a Research Engineer at Disney Research where she worked on natural language understanding and emotion classification. Eleftheria received an MSc in Artificial Intelligence with specialization in NLP from the [University of Edinburgh](https://www.ed.ac.uk/) where her thesis was on machine translation. Before that, she received a BA in English Language and Literature with specialization in Linguistics from the [University of Athens](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_and_Kapodistrian_University_of_Athens). At the moment, her research focuses on dependency parsing. Research-wise, she is also interested in computational narratology and cultural economics. Outside of research, Eleftheria likes tea, [TV Tropes](https://tvtropes.org/), wholesome memes, and playing soundtracks by ear on the piano.


Native Language: Greek

<!-- Animal Form: House cat

<img  class="avatar-small" src="cat.png" style="float: center" /> -->

Commit message:

Update talks and NLP dependency parsing assignment slides

content/authors/eleftheria/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Eleftheria Tsipidi
secondary: Ελευθερία Τσιπίδη

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- eleftheria

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: false

# Role/position
role: PhD Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: ETH Zürich
  url: "https://inf.ethz.ch"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: PhD Student at ETH Zurich

interests:
- computational narratology
- formal language theory
- cultural economics
- emotion classification
- natural language understanding
- machine translation

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: "mailto:eleftheria.tsipidi@inf.ethz.ch"  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: google
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=QIthqREAAAAJ&hl=en
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/etsipidi
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://linkedin.com/in/eleftheria-tsipidi



# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""
  
# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Members
- Teaching Assistants NLP F23
- Teaching Assistants AFLT
- Current
---

Eleftheria is a PhD student in Computer Science at ETH Zurich. She is advised by Ryan and [Elliott Ash](https://elliottash.com/). Previously, she was a Research Engineer at Disney Research where she worked on natural language understanding and emotion classification. Eleftheria received an MSc in Artificial Intelligence with specialization in NLP from the [University of Edinburgh](https://www.ed.ac.uk/) where her thesis was on machine translation. Before that, she received a BA in English Language and Literature with specialization in Linguistics from the [University of Athens](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_and_Kapodistrian_University_of_Athens). Her research interests include computational narratology (particularly NLP for literary and screenwriting analysis), and formal language theory. Outside of research, Eleftheria likes tea, [TV Tropes](https://tvtropes.org/), wholesome memes, and playing soundtracks by ear on the piano.


Native Language: Greek

<!-- Animal Form: House cat

<img  class="avatar-small" src="cat.png" style="float: center" /> -->
